TERMS OF USE

Last updated: [5/4/2023]

Please read these Terms of Use ("Terms", "Terms of Use") carefully before using the Gateway mobile application (the "Service") operated by Gateway ("us", "we", or "our").

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.

USER CONTENT

The Service allows you to post, link, store, share and otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material ("Content"). You are responsible for the Content that you post on or through the Service, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.

By posting Content on or through the Service, You represent and warrant that: (i) the Content is yours (you own it) and/or you have the right to use it and the right to grant us the rights and license as provided in these Terms, and (ii) that the posting of your Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity. We reserve the right to terminate the account of anyone found to be infringing on a copyright.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

The Service and its original content, features, and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Gateway and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Gateway.

LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES

Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Gateway.

Gateway has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Gateway shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.

GOVERNING LAW

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of [STATE], without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.

CHANGES

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material, we will try to provide at least [30] days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

CONTACT US

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at needanyhelpfor@gmail.com.
